Fixes #4176 electrode diffusivity rename (#4179)
pybamm-team/PyBaMM: CHANGELOG.md

## Bug Fixes

> - Fixed bug where passing depreciated `electrode diffusivity` parameter resulted in a breaking change and/or the corresponding diffusivity parameter not updating. Improved th the depreciated translation around BPX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed bug where passing deprecated `electrode diffusivity` parameter resulted in a breaking change and/or the corresponding diffusivity parameter not updating. Improved the deprecated translation around BPX. ([#4176](https://github.com/pybamm-team/PyBaMM/pull/4176))
```
